---
layout: post
title: blog 
description: '0x00 - Auditing Yourself'
permalink: /blog/0x00
tags: hello-world first-post audit
command: cat 0x00.txt
---

## Auditing Yourself  

First, a disclaimer. This blog is not in the efforts of creating valuable material for you. This is me documenting my experience as I try to find my own place in the world. But it just might happen to be entertaining for someone to follow along as I reflect on and documente experiences I feel are worth sharing. I do not claim to be an authority on any subject matter... yet.

At the time of writing this, I am 20 years old and going into my junior year of college. This summer, I will be interning at The Vanguard Group in Malvern, Pennsylvannia for their Enterprise Security division. On the side, I will be working on passion projects, as well as preparing for my year as president of RIT's Competitive Cybersecurity Club.

For awhile now, I have struggled to get anywhere with this blog. I would always come up with excuses for why I couldn't just start. When I would actually sit down and make an attempt, I would just end up procrastinating by improving the site itself. Even worse, when I did manage to push myself to write something, I would feel lost. It wasn't so much that I lacked a sense of direction, but rather that I didn't align with it. 

Growing Pains was originally going to be a weekly update on what I was doing to learn in the field of security. How I was this incredibly excited persona that would gain enough expertise in a new security topic every week and then write an introductory guide to. But I'm not. And I don't care to be. What I truly enjoy is integrating technology with aspects of my everyday life.

I believe in getting your technical chops down first. With only a 40 hour work commitment every week for work, I will be spending my newfound free time to use my other interests as a way to develop my technical capabilities. 

And maybe that doesn't mean much of anything to you. But it feels right to have finally come to a starting point. I have never felt completely aligned with some of my peers. They are incredibly talented people who find vulnerabilities in popular applications or reverse engineer malware samples. My true North has never involved being a SOC analyst or a security consultant or any occuption dedicated solely to the pursuit of good security. Yes, I love cybersecurity, but my interests are also found elsewhere in business development, growth hacking, digital design, and writing. 

So Growing Pains. I don't have a good way to explain what this is yet, but that's okay. This is kinda just the summation of whatever I'm doing at the time.


### eof
