---
layout: post
title: blog 
description: "0x03 - Interning During an Acquisition"
permalink: /blog/0x03
tags: internship golang
command: cat 0x03.txt
---

## Interning During an Acquisition

The summer of 2018 had to be one of the more unique work experiences up to date. My internship was essentially split into two where I worked with two different teams on two different coasts. While this logistical nightmare was mostly due to the recent Red Hat acqui-hire of CoreOS (the original company I was hired for), I am grateful for such a weird situation. I had the chance to meet double the amount of amazing people as well as understand two different work cultures.

**West Coast, Best Coast**  
I started my summer in San Francisco on the openshift/console team. My primary role was to find security vulnerabilities in the web application as the Tectonic console (CoreOS owned) was being merged into the Openshift console (Red Hat owned). Otherwise I was helping the authentication team with some OpenID repos and then just doing some basic security auditing while waiting on code reviews. The work was engaging and interesting, and I finally got a chance to get my feet wet with Golang. I loved the startup culture that overflowed onto the streets of San Francisco. People zooming around on electric scooters and billboards full of new trendy startups. Unfortunately, as most acquisitions are to be messy, there were restructures which left me without a team nor project on the West Coast. 

**Empire State of Mind**  
So halfway during my internship, I was shipped to the New York office with promises of more interesting work to do. This second half had more structure and I was tasked with a specific intern project. It was to find some way to cache the group membership information during the first time a user logs into their openshift account so that said information could be reused without repeatedely retrieving it in the same session. I got to write a design document and present it to the team for critique which was a fun experience in itself. However, building this feature would take a much longer process than my optimisim bias had predicted. While it was not too hard to figure out the proper data structure and parameters to store membership information, it was difficult for me to understand how to add an API to openshift/origin. Here, I learned about code generation, magic comments, and protobuf. Eventually, with the help of my mentors, I struggled my way through. 

**Conclusion**  
All in all, I am extremely grateful for my weird half internships. I would like to thank all the amazing people I met during my time with CoreOS/Red Hat. Specifically, Eric Chiang, Erica von Buelow, Rithu John, Adamme Kearney, Geoff Greer, Matt Kanslaris, Mo Khan, Veronica Rodriguez, Jake Moshenko, Joey Schorr, Ish Shah, and Sam Chow for always making me feel welcome and involved no matter which side of the country I was in.