---
layout: post
title: blog 
description: "0x02 - Baby’s First Bounty"
permalink: /blog/0x02
tags: bug bounty hacker one
command: cat 0x02.txt
---

## Baby’s First Bounty

In late April, I had the amazing experience of going to a bug bounty event hosted by [HackerOne](https://hackerone.com). It was their second annual H1-415 in San Francisco and the first time I really took bug hunting seriously. Prior, I would run a couple scans and then get distracted with other projects. In part, this is because I’m a slacker (like how this blog post is 3 months behind), but I also think this had to do with my difficulty of locating resources online for bug bounty beginners. So you could definitely imagine how I was in over my head coming into the competition; I was just tagging along as a friend’s +1. I mean, here’s a collection of 40 of the world’s top hunters… and me. People like [@mlitchfield](https://hackerone.com/mlitchfield) and [@naffy](https://hackerone.com/nnwakelam) who have made history in the bug bounty space.

Anyway, I figured if I was ever going to get into this type of hacking, here was my chance to actually do it. I set myself with the goal of getting at least one valid bug submitted. Through the long weekend, I realized that most of this bug hunting knowledge is really just passed around orally. “Hey have you tried X, I tried it before on Y and Z and it’s worked”. 

So I’m going to attempt  to synthesize that information and wisdom into words. These are also personal notes that I will be working on to improve my bug bounty skills.

---  

**1. Recon is king.**  
Content discovery makes all the difference. If you find vulnerable endpoints that other people don’t, your submissions don’t get duplicated!  

Actionables:  
	> Explore cool indirect recon tools like [waybackurls](https://github.com/tomnomnom/waybackurls).  
	> Come up with my own creative ways for recon.   
	> Create custom wordlists; either based off the company or just an aggregated personal collection in a Web 2.0 era.  

---

**2. Tools**  
I think the one application I saw on everyone’s laptops was Burp Suite Professional. While I have experience in Burp, I was nowhere near as proficient as they were. Also, something I set up for myself using Github's student developer pack was a VPS so that I could use tools ~in the cloud~.  

**Actionables:**  
	> XSSHunter, and learn some other cool tools.  
	> Get good with Burp so I can justify buying the professional version for myself.  
	> Write custom tools to do custom things  

_Neat trick I learned_   
	1. Set up a Chrome profile with SwitchyOmega set to your Burp Suite proxy. Now you are always ready to go!  
	2. Bonus points for setting this up with Alfred so you can fire all of it up in a quick Spotlight command.  
	3. Even more bonus points for having a sick Chrome theme. Please send recommendations.  
    
---

**3. Style & Technique**  
Everyone has their style and niche that seems to work for them over time. This not only applies to what type of bugs they will find, but also how they write reports. Writing my first few reports were actually a lot harder than I thought; I was constantly questioning, “Am I explaining enough?” or “Am I overexplaining?”  

**Actionables:**  
	> Write solid technical reports. Get better at showing the impact of the bugs I find.  
	> Learn about some lesser known vulnerabilities like XSSI.  
	> Hack, learn, and try different things to find what my niche is.  

---  

**Conclusion**  
As for my goal, I actually submitted 2 valid bug reports and helped find another. I cannot describe the sense of satisfaction of submitting a report as well as the sense of dread to see the word "duplication" on your report. In the end, one was triaged and eventually resolved as a Low. But I'll take it! For someone who has never really touched this world of cybersecurity, I feel extremely proud to have ranked right in the middle of group that day! I also got a cool 22 rep on HackerOne because of that bug. Overall, it was a fun experience and I got to meet some awesome people.

#### Shoutout to Joel for the invite.

eof

### [cd ..]({{site.baseurl}}/blog)