---
layout: post
title: blog 
description: '0x01 - Secure the Vanguard'
permalink: /blog/0x01
tags: corporate vanguard internship
command: cat 0x01.txt
---

## Secure the Vanguard
**Summary**  
Over the summer, I saw the different sides of corporate security in the financial world. For three months, I interned at The Vanguard Group, Inc as a Security Engineer. My direct report was to [Chad Schauer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chad-schauer-75ab7130/) , an amazing manager in the Enterprise Security and Fraud division. My first project was in the physical security of the tremendously large Vanguard campus — working with the video surveillance systems. My next project was self motivated — a complimentary AWS compliance scanner. 

Some immediate takeaways were how the different security components throughout the company work together in unison to deliver on the mission of “Secure the Vanguard” and how you can marry the Agile methodology to architecting secure infrastructure. 

What was most interesting to me, however, was what I learned outside of my projects. During my 1:1 meetings with Chad and conversations with other managers in different security departments, I would often ask about the trends and pains of corporate security. With my class of interns, we would talk about the current state of our own cybersecurity education. (The eventual conclusion for me is that cybersecurity education sucks, and it’s only kinda the universities’ fault. But we’ll get into that in a later post where I will probably evangelize the club I run.)

One thing I began to notice during my ten weeks was this abnormal sense of… something familiar to an extended family.  With multiple buildings spread across Malvern, Vanguard has an estimated total of 15,000 employees. And yet, Vanguard crew members are incredibly accepting to any other crew member from any other division. Everyone treats each other will respect and care, and some part of me felt there had to be a easier way for employees to appreciate each other for that mentality. 

By week 6, I chanced upon the perfect platform to debut a solution to this; Vanguard announced it was, once again, hosting an internal hackathon open to crew members only. So I ~begged~ pushed and pushed into higher management until they released an email allowing interns to compete.

**Game time**  
Vanguard has a thing for nautical puns, as it should. So I knew our project needed one heck of a dad joke. I went down [(the comprehensive Wikipedia list of nautical terms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glossary_of_nautical_terms) to post-rationalize each term into the name of this app. As we all know, all great things have memorable names. Eventually, I landed on Starboard, a crew member appreciation platform. Or what I described, in all its buzzword glory, 

> “Frictionless peer to peer recognition leveraging crew-fueled crowdsourcing mechanics to generate a thank you economy.”

What that really meant was a web/mobile app that lets employees “star” each other as a way to acknowledge or thank another employee for an act of gratitude. Vanguard does a great job at helping their employees perform to the best of their ability. This was the app to help employees be their most noble selves. The user experience stressed ease of use so that nothing would get in the way of this online community built on being grateful.

In short, my full intern team of 6, crushed it. We won second place and had the chance to pitch our idea to Bill McNabb and John Marcante where they then decided to implement our app into the Vanguard ecosystem. How that’s actually going, I have no idea. Either way, I am extremely grateful to have had a team of interns that worked to execute on my idea — without each of their unique set of skills, this would never have come to fruition. 

[You can read more about it here! And you can see some real horrible pictures of me.](http://www.vanguardjobs.com/career-blog/2017/09/11/our-final-week-of-vanguards-it-internship-presenting-to-our-chairman-cio/)

**Conclusion**  
Overall, I loved the ten weeks I spent in Pennsylvania. I learned about the magic of Wawa, got a taste of corporate culture, and built some really cool things with some really cool people.


#### Side note: I should really write these faster

### eof
